make haskey with Integers work with RegexMatch (#37300)
JuliaLang/julia: NEWS.md

* `intersect` on `CartesianIndices` now returns `CartesianIndices` instead of `Vector{<:CartesianIndex}` ([#36643]).
* `push!(c::Channel, v)` now returns channel `c`. Previously, it returned the pushed value `v` ([#34202]).
* `RegexMatch` objects can now be probed for whether a named capture group exists within it through `haskey()` ([#36717]).

> * For consistency `RegexMatch` objects can also probed by `haskey` with an integer index for if a capture group exists within it ([#37300]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `haskey(r::RegexMatch, i::Int) has been added and returns if the capture group for `i` exists ([#37300]).
```

maybe? "probed by `haskey`" got me a bit confused. Sometimes code can be easier to understand than words.

Author: ```suggestion
* For consistency `haskey(r::RegexMatch, i::Integer) has also been added and returns if the capture group for `i` exists ([#37300]).
```
